Update Gateway install page (#7157)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/install/index.md

---
title: Installation Options

> subtitle: Kong is a low-demand, high-performing API gateway. You can setup Kong with Konnect or it can be installed on many different self-managed systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subtitle: Kong Gateway is a low-demand, high-performing API gateway. You can set up Kong Gateway with Konnect, or install it on various self-managed systems.
```
I know that "Kong" was in the mockups, but we really should avoid using the company name as the Gateway name in the docs.

disable_image_expand: true
---

{% if_version lte:3.3.x %}
{% include install.html config=site.data.tables.install_options %}
{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}

<blockquote class="note">

>   <p><strong>Setup your Gateway in under 5 minutes with {{ site.konnect_product_name }}:</strong></p><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p><strong>Set up your Gateway in under 5 minutes with {{ site.konnect_product_name }}:</strong></p><br/>
```

  <p>
    <a href="/konnect/">{{ site.konnect_product_name }}</a> is an API lifecycle management platform that lets you build modern applications better, faster, and more securely.
  </p>
  <p><a href="/konnect/getting-started/">Start for Free &rarr;</a></p>
</blockquote>

> Or you can setup Kong on your own self-managed system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can set up {{site.base_gateway}} on your own self-managed system:
```
